[Music]
it's the second International yoga day
and millions of Indians started
celebrating it first thing in the
morning stretching and twisting their
bodies and Performing breathing
exercises prime minister Narendra Modi
was in chandigar urging people to delink
the ancient Indian practice from their
religious beliefs and corporate India
too joined in with head honchos pledging
their support for yoga to me yoga is a
pure discipline in your life it keeps
you physically fit mentally fit is
spiritually fit and uh if we have all
these thing three things in our life
what else you need and extrapolating the
same thing to the organization if the
people who work for your organization if
you can bring them on one uh surface
through yoga which synergizes them
energizes them not just that a yoga
session was hosted at the Bombay Stock
Exchange paying tribute to the iconic
bks iar it is important for BC to take
up this cause BC uh takes up a lot of
public causes and when the AAR yoga
Institute teachers approach BC that they
want to do it do the yoga in BC ring on
June 21st we were delighted that this
would be a new idea but uh overall it
was realized that the response was
overwhelming yoga is a great teacher
when you really do look at it practicing
yoga teaches you something new every
day for example it teaches you to cope
with pain some of the poses are really
really difficult it's not something that
every one of us can do but when we do do
those poses and you do feel the pain
over time you realize how to manage the
pain in the posture and stay in the
pose the number of employees from the
coopet world who seek yoga classes has
grown rapidly at about 35 to 40% this
year more than double the growth of last
year in these uncertain times we live in
yoga is surely coming to the rescue to
keep the peace and sanity krishnakumar
etow
Mumbai find us on Facebook at
facebook.com/ etow and don't forget to
click the like button you can also
follow us on Twitter @ eow live to stay
updated with all our programming hit the
Subscribe button on our YouTube channel
by logging on to youtube.com/ user now